Update docs for prod environment setting (#3815)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-environments.md

description: "Learn about dbt Cloud's deployment environment to seamlessly schedule jobs or enable CI."
---

> Deployment environments in dbt Cloud are crucial for deploying dbt jobs in production and using features or integrations that depend on dbt metadata/results. To execute dbt, environments determine the settings used during job runs, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment environments in dbt Cloud are crucial for deploying dbt jobs in production and using features or integrations that depend on dbt metadata or results. To execute dbt, environments determine the settings used during job runs, including:
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/create-deploy-env.jpg" width="85%" title="Navigate to Deploy ->  Environments to create a deployment environment" />

### Set as production environment

> You can set one deployment environment per dbt Cloud project as its production environment. You must set a production environment to use features like dbt Explorer and cross-project references, since it represents the source of truth for the production state of a dbt Cloud project.

Reviewer: sugg rewording so it's a little clearer and direct

```suggestion
In dbt Cloud, each project can have one designated deployment environment, which serves as its production environment. This production environment is _essential_ for using features like dbt Explorer and cross-project references. It acts as the source of truth for the project's production state in dbt Cloud.
```
